Lazio against the genoa nightmare for three years
six games always victorious in the
against the biancocelesti day
about 22,000 sultry spectators
the referee and announced the tower guides
team information starting
from the genoa that will play with for the ne
imports antonini de maio and burdisso in
defense and denilson rincón sturaro
antonelli in the center of the field the trident
of attack composed of perotti from
debutant matri and slovak
the repatriation of the Lazio entrusted to
berisha in the door then there are enough de
fry gentiletti and braafheid in defense
ball and lulic to compose the dam
of midfield candreva george and wins e
felipe anderson attackers and teams
are making their entry into the field
from first palacio with its traditional
biancoceleste jersey by luigi ferraris is
all side or to luigi ferraris e
is the seventh minute of play of the
first half 0 0 score but fourth
minute the Lazio went very close to
goals
however, we follow this felipe action
anderson converges towards the center
the forward throw the big throw
parade of perin that rejected on
word whose conclusion was
neutralized by the excellent goalkeeper
of genoa but previously the
biancoceleste formation has come close
to the network with another incursion of
felipe anderson from the Brazilian to giorgi
friends at the height of the penalty disc e
imprecise shot of a puff ball that has
lapped the upright to the left of the
goalkeeper perin who just gave
a large demonstration of his class
rejecting a winning conclusion of
and word still put in motion and from
felipe anderson then uncontrolled by
lulic and limit of the penalty area
support for brown and Dutch for
service for candreva again for
the beginning of the year
rigor pavia anderson confusion is
one more head of perin
giorgieri candreva another great parade
of the Genoa defense a conclusion
Anderson's rejected really doesn't
pass impassable wall and by the
Genoa's first perina defense was
very good
then he opposed de maio with the body
at the conclusion of the Brazilian felipe
anderson forward the genoa effort
very very much
It almost would have to put maybe more
pinilla is that it is not the matri center forward
at the debut with the rossoblù shirt comes
affirmed enough of an initiative of
sturaro to genova the 38th always 0 0
between Genoa and Lazio but Lazio in the 36th
hit a crossbar with a shot of
head to parabola and di e Parolo was
shot down the perin goalkeeper was
saved by the riser and the ball is
rebounded and returned to the field
genoa ending with antonini
none of them are unrealistic
danger of a fight blocking the ball
and raises possession of the ball enough
the former player from Udine traded
with ball the cola still support
towards enough
it shows candreva on the sector of
right receives the former Udine support
still candreva for chopped billy
passage for an excess of confidence
by the Argentine player who
however, the ball is recovered
to the ground
probably interrupted game burdisso
there is a free kick in favor
of the generals we take advantage of
this interruption to reiterate the
score 0 to 0 at the 39th minute of
first time but at points he has called
the Lazio line reggio emilia two words
on the first time excellent Lazio but too much
squandering traverse of parolo among the great ones
Genoa goalkeeper saves for seven
racial conclusions against only one of the
rossoblù corners 4 to 0 for guests
the result is incredibly anchored
on 0 to 0
paraphrasing casablanca and football
beauty we are at the fourth minute of
second half
genoa 0 Lazio 0 to you reggio emilia a
genoa attacks the lazio with felipe
from the brazilian the support for tra fade
in the penalty area the header is
was candreva with the ball he has
touched the pole to the left of perin
and that in the circumstances it seemed dejected
beautiful elevation of candreva
on the cross thrown from the left a
cross precise but of felipe anderson the
still attempt to bertolacci that is
been in effect touch the ball
with the hand
there will be a warning and a kick of
such punishment love is expelled
of the frais player of the Dutch lazio
for double admonition
he had been warned for an intervention
incorrect in the thirteenth minute of
second time he is now expelled for
another admonition this time for
having voluntarily touched the ball
with the hand for the two formations the
problem of tolè in advantage is
exactly at minute 42 the goal should
to have been made by perotti geo
from pinilla genoa 1 lazio 0 incredible
getting sick because the result is not
absolutely in line with what it is
success but it is the beauty of football and
so with the pinilla head goal
the genoa took the advantage to the
42nd minute of the second half to you
line scaramuzzino alkaline lazio with
candreva that ends up in the ground area
penalty but gains a corner kick and
the sixth shot from the flag in favor
of clean Lazio training at
42nd from a header by e
perotti in plunge with ball that was
diverted further and definitively
from pinilla in the net behind e
berisha
therefore the genoa in advantage the Lazio has
dominated all the first half of the
time rested he checked the game
but it is she who has had the best actions
and the match but then in the final
this goal by and pinilla is selling po
training in difficulty
biancoceleste
which from a technical point of view does not
deserve to lose and advances to
ledesma and time goes on relentlessly
we are at 44 is immediately fifteenth
according to the ledesma cross too long
for sound that has been brought forward in the
attempt to provide valid support
to his companions of the healthy attack not
hooks the ball the ball that
rolls over photos and for the big one
protagonist with pinilla for the
genoa formation is ready to kick
postponement forty-fourth and thirtieth
second genoa 1 Lazio 0 goal from Mauricio
pinilla at 42 th the reggio line
emilia production calcium and candreva
on the ball and nutritissima barrier there
there are at least 20 players in the area
peri genoa door in the run-up
of and candrava his right hand side the
throw the ball at the bottom
there was however a deviation, yes
will resume with the sixth corner shot a
favor of Lazio attention is advancing
even the berisha porter who abandons
his poles with his showy shirt
green and goes to fit right on
final 0 0 you the line from reggio emilia
apart from the cross and perin anticipates
just happy and ends
in the final match at the luigi stadium
ferraris of genova genoa part lazio 1 a
0 goals from pinilla at the 43rd of the second
time the line our study and there
focus on victory in extremis
of genoa on lazio from marassi
emanuele dotto is unbelievably defeated
of Lazio to Genoa against the Rossoblu
decides a double header by e
perotti with final aerial deviation e
winner of pinilla all'ottantasetteimo
previously many occasions i
Lazio from the team of pegs
everything was as wrong as possible
make mistakes for the formidable even one
parolo crossbar in the first half then
in the final the expulsion of the dese fry
for double admonition and the unbelievable
Genoa success on Lazio
seventh victory in the last seven
matches has directed in my opinion well of
final announced tower guide from
luigi ferraris stadium in genova genoa 1
Lazio 0 and lines under study